I can see from your ticket this morning
that you are flying to Heathrow London
is that right
Sarah yes I was wondering if there's any
room in first class um I'm afraid first
glance into full but if you maybe
something with a little more comfort
buddy suggest we put you down below you
know if you put you down below with the
check luggage we can throw a dress soft
blanket in a cozy cozy little cagey
little area for you put you down there
with the other camp you look handsome
you know I'm not gonna lie to you
they'll probably be a few dogs keep dogs
down there you know if you if you were
smaller I would suggest we put you on
somebody's lap for the duration curl up
in the like a kitten but you it's not
snackin know when we say here um I ain't
here in an exit row um federal
regulations require me to ask a few
willing and able to help in the event of
an emergency yes yeah you won't you
won't get distracted because let me
explain it they'll probably be a lot of
little things flying around if there's
an emergency debris and a small item you
know you're just going to have to focus
tune those things
out and not you know they chase them
chase them around and play a little game
pretending that they're your prey catch
the mouse it's not a game it's an
emergency so also you should know if
there's a water land and you're going to
get wet I'm gonna get all wet when you
open the door and I just want to make
sure you you're ready for that you won't
you can help people without being grumpy
grumpy and wet with a your grumpy little
wet cat face kissing it hissing at
people instead of helping them oh
there's a window
you